I was on a roller coaster ride I was
living my dream but then when I would
wake up it'd be like
silent and it wouldn't feel nice
[Music]
this is an international pop star who's
had the most solo female UK Top 10
singles in history
everything I've done is about to
disappear
who is Rita Ora I came to the UK when I
was one we refuged from the war in
Kosovo there was a sense of having to
overwork to prove myself I was a naive
young dreamer and that's exactly what
you should be at that age
I was backed up by Jay-Z what about that
Jay-Z would roll by with a brand new
artist after my first album everything
shot to number one you know my life just
changed overnight I was looking for
things in the wrong places I just went
Rebel eating really bad I was drinking
and the media and all the time and I was
having the craziest panic attacks
it feels like a weight that you've been
carrying for a long long time
yeah I mean there's nothing that anyone
could say when you feel broken that is
going to put you back together
believe all the promises that people
tell you what was the advice you needed
but didn't get
oh man
in life sometimes the external worlds
will craft your narrative and your story
and your identity for you and often
we're told that saying less is more
Now read her for much of her life has
followed that philosophy
but today she's decided to say more
and what you learn from this
conversation will be Illuminating it
will be inspiring it will make you
understand Rita Ora the person you've
seen and heard about for a decade but
maybe even more importantly through this
conversation the twists the turns and
the untold stories of a young woman who
was signed at 18 by Jay-Z
crazy crazy story
you're gonna learn something about
yourself
I know I did
hello
[Music]
take me back ah where'd you come from
I am from Pristina Kosovo in a country
called Kosovo
wow
it's tiny it's gorgeous what brought you
here
I came to the UK when I was one
in 1991 I was born in 1990
and we refuged from the war in Kosovo
and I've been living in London ever
since
why did why did your parents choose to
come here of all places
I think it was just such an easy route
as well it was close enough to home but
not close you know it was also a lot of
family and cousins that my parents
already knew moved to London so it was
kind of the safest bet for them I think
and you were one and your siblings were
your siblings it was just me and my
sister so I was one and my sister was
three she's two years older than me my
brother wasn't born yet he was born here
um yeah so it was just four of us really
yeah and when you arrived here I read
that you were taken to a care home
so when we first moved to London not
that I remembered properly obviously I
was a kid but my parents obviously asked
favors from some existing friends that
they already knew here and we just moved
around a lot it wasn't necessarily a
care home but it just wasn't our home
but it never felt
you know hard my parents were really
good at kind of still celebrating our
birthdays and playing music and you know
my upbringing was so happy and so
I was really lucky we never really saw
the struggle my parents were really good
at that you know when you first came
here sometimes you hear these stories of
and I've sat here with a lot of people
who have come here when they were very
very young I've got one particular
friend who's I've been on this podcast
before she's very successful she's one
of my best friends she came here when
she was a baby as a refugee and when she
first arrived here there was a an early
like
um separation event because her parents
essentially couldn't take care of her so
they put they had someone else looking
after her right
um and then I I sat here with Gabriel
mate do you know who that is yeah he's I
mean he's one of my favorite people ever
wow and he talks about those those early
moments I've seen all kind of a lot of
your interviews I didn't see that one
have you not seen that one I don't know
I'm sorry I have to check it out please
don't hate me no I don't don't worry
there's so many of them I don't expect
people to keep keep up
um and I was trying to re understand at
that early stage when I was reading
about your story if there was a
separation event or if your parents had
because I read the word care home
somewhere yeah well it wasn't really a
separation
um but it was it was a room given to us
by the government the council and it was
not a council estate house it was just
more of like a temporary home so maybe
that's where you kind of got the phrase
care home that's from what I remember
was in else court and then we actually
moved to our Council flat in West London
and you've lived West London most of
your life and I've been in West London
that's my whole life yeah what is it you
inherited from your parents in terms of
like character for better or force and I
say that because some of the things that
I'm most proud of are things that my
parents probably didn't intentionally
yeah forgive me they were things that
weren't in the like how to raise a child
World manual they weren't in there I
don't think my parents were doing that
either they were also really young I
mean you know I think we're kind of in
the same age bracket but with my parents
you know they were having kids at like
22 23 24 you know if I'm thinking gosh
having a kid there now that it would be
crazy different but
there was a lot that they taught me
without knowing you know for example the
language was always spoken in the house
so luckily now I can speak two languages
now I'm not amazing at it by
understanding can read it and speak it
um a lot of resilience like a lot that
was a big thing in the house like hard
work resilience and sort of showing up
and sticking by Your Word you know like
when you tell someone you're gonna do
something you better do it because
otherwise that's like a big it's just
sort of a real disrespect if you're
promising someone something and you
don't deliver
yeah your mother was a doctor back in
Kosovo yeah a psychiatrist yeah great
she's so cool uh my dad was actually
studied economics
um and he was doing that
um a lot of accounting stuff and you
know they moved here and basically had
to start again
so my dad's worked in a pizza spot in
Notting Hill gate and my mum didn't work
and she started to learn the language
and basically figure out how she was
gonna get her degrees and things and
then she just had to re-study to get the
qualifications my mother did anyway I
remember that that was odd it was hard
yeah well it was it was a lot because
you know I was going to school my sister
was going to school
we were living in a council stay in
Ladbroke Grove which is Big up West
London I'll love it forever but
um at the time she was like trying to
qualify her English studies
studying Psychiatry and she was also
battling breast cancer
so there was three things and she was
also in her 30s which is really rare she
was like in her late 30s
when she actually got breast cancer the
first time
and so there was a lot happening you
know at once
so yeah that was my memory of that point
yeah
at that young age I think we start to
kind of piece
figure out who we are and how we're
different I think we start to develop
suspicions that we're talented in this
way or different in this way or women
maybe we have a problem with authority
in this way
what did you at that young age
um did you start to figure out anything
about yourself and who you are and why
you were different or if you were
different in certain ways
yeah I mean
parent evening was always an interesting
one because my parents at the time
couldn't really speak English so
my sister bless her even to this day she
was always the one that was like helping
me
with my homework or got to a certain age
where she was kind of
the one that was helping me with my math
homework because my mother couldn't
really do it she'd be like oh Elena can
you read that or my sister her name's
Elena could you do that or can you do
that so
it was interesting to see like now as
adults how much pressure my older sister
actually had and it was kind of
difficult I would think for her I don't
want to speak for her but I think it
definitely felt like we were sort of
running
the you know the ship while they were
kind of trying to collect all the pieces
and put food on the table really
so yeah Primary School had a lot of ups
and downs you know in school it was
super fun
and yeah and then we did like Cinderella
and it was all these really fun night
musicals and I would get you know I got
the Cinderella roll in like year five
and that's when I was like oh I could do
this singing thing I kind of like this
and that's when I think I really thought
oh I think I want to be a singer so
interesting yeah how did you how did you
know you were good at it I didn't I just
got the role and then I thought well I
must be good since I got the main role
of Cinderella
did anybody give you any feedback
someone anyone come here yeah I did do
your school choirs you know I would go
to the school choirs after school
um and I love this teacher her name was
Susie and she um really worked me hard
and she would really include me in all
the choirs and they would do a lot of
charity events and things like that and
I would always take a solo and
she actually called my parents and said
you know I think you should really try
and hone in on Rita's music talent
because I think she's got something
special
and that's sort of where it started
how did your parents receive that phone
call because they're traditional parents
yeah well my mum was really excited and
so was my dad but my dad was more
practical I mean they're kind of old
school you know my parents are still
they were raised in Kosovo so it was get
married have babies you know and so my
mum always was a dreamer you know she
definitely still is
and she was always like sing for us at
parties and this and that but I don't
think either of them thought I would
ever do a job in this actually sort of
do it for real
yeah when you use the word resilience a
second ago as one of the things that
your parents taught you yeah I'm
assuming from that that you mean that
they you observed them being resilient
as well they worked really hard they
still do even though they're getting a
bit older and they kind of
feel like retirement is close I think
deep down they don't ever want to stop
working
but they were so so real in the sense of
being completely open with money and
work and my father sort of doing double
shifts sometimes and
you know my mom when she would get
stressed you it would really impact us
me and my sister you know and we always
used to sleep together because I don't
know I guess I don't didn't want to
sleep alone and so we would always kind
of just hear them talking you know like
mumbling away when we were younger
but it was interesting because
it was so nice to have my sister with me
I don't know how I would have done that
alone you know
what coming to the UK and yeah growing
up here and yeah yeah yeah yeah just
sort of try doing that whole thing I
explained to you alone I just I can't
fathom it honestly you know there's some
friends I have that have no siblings
that have the same sort of story as me
that have done it alone and I'm just
kind of like I can only I don't know I
just don't know it's nice when you don't
feel when you have someone else going
through the same thing as you you know
well a lot of people as well don't have
a situation where they watch their
parents kind of like fighting to survive
yeah and that's a that's a in some
respects quite a traumatic thing to
observe but it also means that there's a
certain absence I can relate to that
with my mother like she was so obsessed
with working that she would sleep in
that shop with her little corner shop
yeah and it was like watching someone
fight to survive we I feel like I have a
privilege where I'm thinking more about
like happiness and fulfillment and yeah
one of these next level things but my
mom was like food on table you know
attitude so was mine
um
I think that the hard work really does
stem from me knowing that I'm
you know not my blood isn't English but
I feel English I am English I mean I was
raised here this is my home you know
but there was a sense of having to
overwork to prove myself yeah for sure
like I deserve to be here kind of thing
does that ever stop
no
I mean I actually asked myself this the
other day
I was like
is it enough
I'm always like I want more I want I
want to do it again
um and what's next
and it just I don't think it will ever
go away I don't think that feeling of me
feeling satisfied will ever happen I
don't know I love working you know I'm
really lucky I do do what I love it's
not like I wake up dreading what I do
but it's more like yeah you're right
like it doesn't I just don't know if I
will ever be like I did it you know I'm
always like okay so now what you know
what's next
is there sometimes when you have um a
child that came here as a as an
immigrant or came here early and watched
their like watch the watch the
generation above them fight for survival
they almost inherit this feat this fear
of losing it all and that trans I'm
thinking about my friend here the one I
said that you remind me of in her story
is very very similar came here as a
refugee when she was young oh wow she is
an obsessive alcoholic yeah and I feel
like
she called me the other day in fact I'm
sure I'll have to ask her I can share
this but yeah she called me the other
day and she said to me that um
because there was so much insecurity in
her childhood in terms of like things
didn't feel secure
um
she's her work is the only thing that
gives her that sense of security is an
adult so she's fighting to maintain that
yeah I relate to that it definitely is
one of my reasons of purpose for sure
which is a blessing but also a curse
because obviously if things don't always
turn out how you want it ends up
crumbling more of you than you need it
to does that make sense
so you kind of feel less than rather
than remembering everything else that
you've done because they'll want
incident for example may have not I've
gone how you wanted it to everything's
gone wrong and I think that's something
that I've been really working on as well
with my therapist it's called almost
sort of like
compartmentalizing things
but because my life is my work
almost regulated my sense of happiness
which I think sometimes could be really
damaging you know
um especially if you kind of wake up not
feeling good about yourself or you
sometimes wake up and you're kind of
like I'm not feeling it today which is I
think what everyone goes through and I
definitely go through it
um
you know I've I've really got to
remember you know there are other points
that bring me joy that's something I've
been really working on especially in my
30s now I'm getting a bit older
yeah and when you were I think you're 15
years old
um your mother Vera Vera Vera like aloe
vera same as my grandmother oh cute cute
it's a rare name it is very rare yeah
she was diagnosed with breast cancer and
this from reading through your story was
quite a pivotal it seems to be quite a
pivotal moment in your life even still
today I think oh yeah it was really hard
for me
it was like I don't know why I always
say this but you know I felt like my
parents were like superheroes like they
were Untouchable undiable you know and I
was just almost like nothing is gonna
crack them
and then when I sort of saw my mum
starting to kind of get weaker and
weaker and lose her hair I was thinking
oh my gosh they can also die you know it
was almost like what am I gonna do and I
took it upon myself to try and find a
solution and obviously
you know I I couldn't
but you don't think that all the way
through you're just seeing your mum just
kind of really weak and
you know I was skipping school and I
would just you know I just went Rebel
and it was really hard for me you went
Rebel yeah I just really went the
opposite way and
you know my parents worked really hard
to get me into this school which was
it's a really famous school and it was a
fantastic Sylvia young theater School
and it's like I mean it was the best
times of my life was at that school but
when my parents were you know struggling
my mum was ill I just I couldn't focus I
just couldn't focus in school I was
just distraught and I just kind of
wanted to be
with her all the time but she didn't
want us to see her
like that so you know she wouldn't take
us to her treatments and she'd wear a
wig and things like that so she wouldn't
really kind of we wouldn't visually see
the pain basically
you were trying to find a cure you said
yeah
so weird right like I don't know I think
I was just uh I think me and my sister
almost blamed
I don't know what we were just trying to
find the answer and it's like obviously
we would have done anything to get our
mum out of that pain you know so
yeah we don't really know what we were
gonna do but we just went into sort of
survival panic mode and
yeah that was my experience I was just
really struggling with it was really
hard for me
is Rita before that incident different
to Rita after that incident like a
fundamental way yeah
I just really do appreciate
people my parents more than I did before
so you know like every kid sometimes
your parents kind of get on your nerves
or you're like oh I can't stand them
when they do this or that but I always
think like you just don't know when
they're gonna go so I've really made a
conscious effort to
appreciate
them more than ever and if I ever see my
siblings or the ones that I love
kind of naturally just react out of
instinct or something I'm like just
remember you know what I mean it's like
just that your parents you don't want
that to be the last thing that you say
to them you know I'm that's where my
head is at now
we cope in a variety of different ways
to to these traumatic events some people
you know you described becoming a bit of
a rebel some people
I mean use work as a convenient
distraction other people go to therapy
and confront it head on how how do you
cope how are you a Copa when when these
kind of things happen in life how does
Rita cope
work I just really throwing myself into
work
or I try and find a project that I'm
really passionate about to just sort of
distract I'm I'm good at distracting
myself
for sure
yeah I mean therapy's been an incredible
thing that I've discovered you know
since I was 26 I kind of started
um and my mum always would say you
should do it you should do it obviously
she doesn't use her sort of doctor-ness
on us but you know she was really
adamant on us doing therapy
and then I finally you know again you
have to find it yourself and so I did
and that really helps
but work is something I do really focus
and distract myself with this whole
concept of like mental health is quite a
new one in our society yeah you I read
that you started having anxiety attacks
and panic attacks and stuff shortly
after your mother's diagnosis
and that I'm presuming you hadn't had
those before no
um
I never really understood when people
would say oh I have the panics or oh I
got such bad anxiety I wouldn't I was
never really kind of like but then it
happened I think it was the idea of
losing
the one that I the ones I love that kind
of put me into panic I like structure I
like routine I like trying to resolve
situations so security security I was
never really obsessed with it's weird I
was more obsessed with like me just
knowing that I have a routine to go to
work you know I'm I'm always in fear of
losing everything that I've got I don't
think that will ever go away
and I actually spoke to somebody
who's a very famous actor
and you'd never think in a million years
that they have that fear
and he said that there is a therapist
that just deals with
the fear of losing the money the the
whatever it is that they're obsessed
with or that they love
at such a high level I mean this person
is one of the biggest actors in the
world and so I always thought I was like
what how this person deals with that I
couldn't believe it so it's nice to know
that you know it's a common thought I
think especially if you come from
not a lot of money
yeah and like if you come from a place
where you've seen the opposite but also
just the fragility of
of it you mean you must have been
inundated with stories when you were a
kid of like I used to be a doctor and
now I'm coming to go back to square one
again yeah because your your father was
like a restaurant back in Kosovo and you
so you've kind of seen even if you
weren't there to see it but you've heard
the stories of going from here to here
really quickly too really quickly it's
hard yeah I mean it is something that I
like have nightmares about sometimes
really yeah because
I think now it's not just about me you
know I think
ever since I started I was always
speaking I'd like to think on the
majority of
people that don't necessarily get the
shot that I got you know coming from
where I'm from
being able to live my dream if I didn't
move to the UK I don't really know what
I would be doing and so I was always
really vocal about my gratitude and sort
of like this is possible and that's why
I work with UNICEF and I go and do these
trips as an ambassador because I see
these kids and I really want to kind of
put this hope in them
um yeah that's a massive priority for me
quick one before we get back to this
episode just give me 30 seconds of your
time
two things I wanted to say the first
thing is a huge thank you for listening
and tuning in to the show week after
week means the world to all of us and
this really is a dream that we
absolutely never had and couldn't have
imagined getting to this place but
secondly it's a dream where we feel like
we're only just getting started and if
you enjoy what we do here please join
the 24 of people who watch this channel
regularly and have hit the Subscribe
button means more than I can say and if
you hit that subscribe button here's a
promise I'm gonna make to you I'm gonna
do everything in my power to make this
show as good as I can now and into the
future we're going to deliver the guests
that you want me to speak to and we're
going to continue to keep doing all of
the things you love about the show
thank you thank you so much back to the
episode reading between the lines I was
I was hearing like the Gratitude like
the way that sometimes comes another
feeling which is like why me you know of
all the because you look back at The
Dominoes that had to fall for you to be
here and you go oh why me true why are
you
good question
yeah I guess I'd
I got something to say I think if you
have something to say and you
can create this following of of honesty
and
and you have this real fan base of
people that think that they know you
I think that's something that could live
on forever and I think that's something
that I inherit I have this sort of
genuine connection that I love people I
genuinely do I love talking to people
hence why I got into TV I do really
enjoy communicating and making people
feel what I'm feeling or trying to give
people a sense of happiness or Joy or
just kind of being like you know what
I get that too or oh she's just like us
because that's what I was looking up to
when I was a kid
you know all the singers I loved growing
up were super relatable and super
transparent Tina Turner who has the same
birthday as me so I never have met her
r.o.p Tina but I always felt so
connected to her because I knew
everything about her and she was so
honest with her story
and so that's sort of the footprint I
want to make I want people to you know I
know not everyone's gonna
like me you know it's it's normal
but at least they're gonna know
that the story and appreciate
The Climb
basically
from from that so the first time you you
joined that choir to when you first get
signed what happens in that period in
terms of like the things that you
controlled to make you go from the choir
to the record label when you look back
and go
the reason why I got from there to there
was really it comes down to X right what
is that X
showing up so the reason why I think I
got there is because I interned at a
recording studio and I was making people
tea and mopping the floors for free and
delivering backing vocals for free for
people that needed harmonies Craig David
being one of them
and I was there I was ready I was
available I was existing within the
atmosphere and I was there at the right
time you have to be willing to get up
and get out of bed and just be there you
have to show up whether it's like
offering your work for a place and
knowing you're not going to get paid but
you're going to be amongst musicians or
something like that
or it's about being heard and you know I
would sing at my dad's Pub I would I'm
on Portobello Market working in a
sneaker shop and I was controlling the
music in the shop and I would play like
a demo of mine and I would just try
everything I could to just sort of be
there be present be seen
yeah
what was your aim at that point in in
terms of if I had asked you you know
what are you gonna be when you're older
when you're working in that shoe shop or
when you're interning did you would you
say I'm going to be Tina Turner I didn't
know what I was going to do I didn't
have a plan I just was like I need to
figure this out because I left college
and my dad was so mad at me
and I I mean he didn't speak to me for
ages and
he just wanted me to have a real secure
future which I understand but I just I
said dad just let me do this for a year
and if I can't do it I will go back to
college
and now I'm 31 and I haven't gone back
to college yet it's never too late is he
okay I think he's okay now okay good but
I do think that
there was a lot of fear circulating
around that time of my life because I
was like I have to figure it out but you
know what there was a Steve Jobs quote
and it's kind of like if you have a plan
B you're never really going to put your
all in plan a and I didn't have a plan B
at all it was like working in the shoe
shop and then going to intern at the
studio and hoping something is gonna
like figure it out I don't know
something was gonna happen
and it did
what happened
this a r lady came in
for another artist that was recording in
that studio facility
and there was a demo that I
lended my vocals on because I needed
somebody to sing it
um the producer that owned that studio
was making music with a lot of other
producers and musicians
and he didn't have a vocalist to cover
this one song
long story short it got around and
um they were playing this music because
they were selling these songs to their
artists and then somebody said okay well
who's singing that
and um it was me
and they were like we want to meet this
person and
that's kind of when everything started
to click and that was Jay Brown who
works with Jay-Z and that was the whole
introduction to signing to Roc Nation
and you had they got you on a plane you
flew out there you went to some party I
did all of that yeah I did the whole
thing and they signed you straight away
yeah they did they signed me straight
we're kind of like that night I was
exhausted I flew from London and it was
scary but it was so exciting it was like
everything was happening at once
uh just turned 18. wow yeah and then I
moved to Brooklyn
I went from sharing a room with my
sister to having my own apartment in
Brooklyn like overnight what was the
advice you needed but didn't get at that
point in your life
don't believe all the promises that
people
tell you interesting what should we do
instead that other than believing the
promises we should
I think other than believing in the
promises you should work on what your
craft is to make sure that you can stand
alone and not need anybody else to help
you stand up that might not mean a
straight away number one record
but at least you have your DNA and that
for me is timeless and it can really
help you in the longevity of a career
having a quick one hit obviously is
great but then what you know and so
that's what I've learned it's like not
everything is gonna go and then you're
like I'm good forever because it doesn't
work like that I wanted people to
love me as a person and really sort of
back me up because they liked me
and then came the music and then came
the TVs and whatever else that we're
doing but
it was just important for people to
really feel like they know me why
because I felt like if everything goes
bad
at least people will love me as a human
which is a real kind of
I would say
it's an insecurity maybe it is a bit of
an insecure insecurity sort of factor of
wanting to feel wanted
but with music and with entertainment
your job is to really be present for
these people and really show up for
these people and everyone that's
watching and to take them out of their
misery and so
sometimes it's not about your misery or
about what you're going through
and you've got to really just be
selfless
have you always had that in you that
desire to be kind of wanted if you go
back to you know the first 18 years of
your life have you always had that
desire to just be wanted and to be
accepted a little bit
why are you smiling because I remember
it was more about like I don't know I
guess growing up I was
me and my girlfriends you know we were
like we were really sort of like
flamboyant
you know with all like looks and we
would wear makeup and we would wear all
these crazy clothes and yeah we did get
attention for it and sometimes it was
the wrong sort of attention but we were
just sort of kids figuring it out but
that's why I'm laughing because
we were so not knowing but now thinking
back it was like we had no idea what we
were doing
um but that was my first feeling of like
oh people are liking what I'm looking
like or they like what I'm wearing or oh
that feels kind of good you know and
then I go into the public eye and I was
sort of like
as it was when I was walking up and down
Portobello Market
you know because we you talk about that
moment of maybe you would have whispered
in Rita's ear and told her to like focus
on her craft and what she can own so
she's not relying on other people but
when you're 18 yeah and I suspect from
where you come from
you just want to kind of please people
and you want to just any opportunity is
a better than Portobello Road
Shoe Shop yeah I was a naive young
dreamer and that's exactly what you
should be at that age I mean you're not
supposed to be anything else all you
want is to just win and you want to do
well and you want to impress and
I was backed up by some real big big
people you know Jay-Z and these huge
artists that are Timeless and fantastic
and I wanted to be as good as them and
so when I was 18 I was like I would do
anything to kind of be at that level and
everything that was given to me I was
sort of like let's do it let's go let's
go let's go sure because they must be
right and I must be wrong because
they're huge Superstars and I'm not
so there was that as well that was going
on
so interesting because I think even if
people aren't in the music industry they
can relate to this in their everyday
jobs which is
sometimes we think there's we cannot
question authority in any regard and we
cannot question if someone's successful
and they have a path for us we should
just do what they say and find that path
but but they're not always right even
the big big guns you know like it's it's
about your story it's you know you have
your own script that's about to be
written out for you and I think now I'm
at this point where
I wish I knew that because I can really
dictate that now which is really cool
but I think that comes with age I mean
what you're going to do you're young
you're not supposed to know all those
things
you know you've just gotta hope hope for
the best and learn from your mistakes
right oh yeah I mean I'm not perfect
everybody knows that I think I've been a
very transparent public figure you know
and I've never sort of denied or I've
always been super honest with my fans
and I will continue to do that and
sometimes make mistakes along the way
because you've had such an extreme
career experience starting at 18.
what are some of the universal lessons
that you might turn to someone who is a
little bit further down a little bit
further down the ladder in terms of
their career maybe they're working in a
completely different job but some of
that advice you said like about
questioning Authority and that people
don't always know what's best for you
but in terms of how to be successful
well because you would have seen both
sides of that coin yeah with those eyes
you've seen
why people come become successful and
why Talent is often not good enough for
some other people yeah it's true
well you know I think it's about
longevity it's about being a
businesswoman and I think it's really
important to get the right team you know
I've had the same team since I was 16.
really I don't really like changing
people up around me unless I really have
to I like familiarity I like consistency
now it's also about sacrifice I think
I've missed a lot of things birthdays
family events funerals weddings
everything you can imagine
for my job so for example going on tours
even going to visit things and seeing
shows or going to get inspired and you
have to always be willing
to work and be consistent in getting
inspiration that's also a big thing for
me creatively I think you have to be
wanting to achieve
those things so it's like oh I want to
do a
rock and roll album okay so let's go
learn the DNA of rock and roll and do it
properly or read a book or I want to be
an author of self-care or I want to
learn how to I don't know I do the
homework I'm a big person I'm a massive
nerd in music you know I do pop music
but I know a lot and people get really
surprised you know I I do play a lot of
different genres and styles and
all my Inspirations come from me being a
nerd and learning music from composers
to mixers to producers to who did what
behind the scenes it's like you have to
do the homework and then you have to
convince people to do it with you that's
like another stage
so you're constantly really just working
selling yeah I think especially with
everything that you do you know it's
like 10 000 hours like I really believe
in that theory
you know that takes ten thousand hours
to become a master yeah I genuinely do I
do that a lot as much as I can
are you a confident person
it's an interesting word because it
means so much the word confidence but do
you just do you think you're a confident
individual let me Define it when you
think when you think set yourself a goal
or you you flirt with a goal yeah yeah
yeah yeah are you the type of person
that goes 100 I can do that I'm good at
being an autopilot confident person what
does that mean
well you can just slip into being
confident as in masking it as much as
you possibly can like I'm you won't ever
see my face kind of feeling
a sense of Doubt or insecurity if I'm
having to show up as Rita Ora but I
always have it going on in my mind
do they like this am I saying the right
thing do I look weird am I wearing crazy
clothes I mean I do it because I love it
and I go out there and I'm like this is
who I am
but I have the doubts constantly in my
mind
is it good enough is it good enough is
it good enough
what's your journey with confidence been
like because people will look at you
today and I think they see you on the
red carpets and these great outfits and
stuff and smiling and yeah yeah and they
go oh she's just born confident she's
just born with it and she's you know
she's got self-doubt isn't a thing for
her never imposter syndrome none of that
that's just me
now I have it all like really
intensely but
I do everything in my power to like keep
my brain and my heart calm so
my thoughts are going to be there I've
discovered that and I've accepted that
but now I'm really getting good at
controlling where they live whereas
before it was really hard for me to do
that and that's what therapies really
helped me do so I've become really
obsessed with my with working out and
being physical and figuring out what I
eat and I fast a lot and I do a lot of
that and it kind of keeps me calm I
don't
put myself myself in situations where
I'm gonna Panic like if I don't want to
go somewhere I just won't go
and before I'd be like oh I have to do
this or I have to do that and
you know I think as you get older you're
like you know what you don't have to do
these things anymore
and a lot of meditating a lot of incense
and smells I'm a big smells person but
these are my tools
this is what helps me I don't Journal as
much but I did journal for this album
that's out and
it was great I mean would I do it all
the time no but I do more of kind of
like voice notes and working out and
meditating and eating well
yeah that's like my thing have you gone
on a bit of a journey with understanding
how Reit is feeling because I I hear the
18 year old that moved to Brooklyn that
seemed to be a person who is very much
just listening to the external worlds
yeah an impression of how she should be
feeling you should be happy now and then
it seems through your story that there
was kind of a there's been a pivot
helped via therapy where you're getting
better at understanding how you truly
feel in situations
yeah but you know it's still a struggle
you know I felt like I mean like anyone
when you feel overwhelmed with something
it's like your whole world is falling
apart you know it wasn't just work it
was everything like my my love life my
friendship
with my friends and I wasn't paying
attention to you know the ones that
really loved me for me well just sort of
in my 20s right after my first album
everything shot to number one you know
my life just changed overnight it was
like okay let's go
and so you know I was just doing that I
was living my dream I was you know going
out with my band and you know oh just
not really checking in with my closest
friends and my families and I just
I lost touch a little bit I was on a
roller coaster ride and then I kind of
brought that back you know I did when I
in my second album and now my third
album this this time around I'm you know
I'm in a completely different sort of
headspace what was the how did you know
you'd lost yourself because we found out
we typically find out after because of
some kind of symptoms in the moment we
don't know but what was the symptoms
that you lost yourself well the search
of being wanted and being loved
by you know
boyfriends and things like that there
was what do you mean
it was just sort of like my 20s felt
like I was kind of alone alone
and so you know I was looking for things
in the wrong places you know with love
and sometimes it wouldn't be good for me
and people would tell me and I wouldn't
listen
I was eating really bad I was drinking
and my dad was so so so on board with
you know helping me and you know I grew
up in a pub so it was like there was
always drinks going on and you know
parties and I was jumping on the bar and
singing songs and so alcohol was just
like a real normal thing in my family
and it was fun it was it was just a fun
time for me in my 20s but then when I
would wake up it'd be like
silent and it wouldn't feel nice
so yeah that's what I mean about my
Misty 20s it was it was just a journey
it was like what anyone would go through
though you know I've I've learned to
understand that not everyone figures it
out in their 20s
it was silent and it didn't feel nice so
many people can relate to that yeah yeah
you know you don't want to live in
silence sometimes because you don't want
to kind of understand
you that's so true yeah and so you're
kind of like
put the radio on do something I don't
know anyway that was me yeah
but you did something that most people
who would say that didn't do which was
then you went and you started your
journey in therapy which is literally
the opposite which is I'm gonna
understand me
I don't know if this is a thing but
quarter life crisis is that a thing
we've heard that before yeah is that
like a known phrase yeah well I've heard
it before but when I was 25 it was a
real weird time for me it was like my
second album
was kind of coming out-ish
gosh I'll never forget this I was doing
the prince's trust and I've been working
with them for a long time but there was
one occasion I did it at the Royal
Albert Hall
and I was wearing a blue outfit and I
remember Tom Hardy was also in the line
to meet our now a king
and
I went into that bathroom
and my hands were tingling
and I was having the craziest panic
attack and that was the first time when
I in when I was 25
and my tour manager Rich who's been with
me for ages I was like which I need I
need a couple minutes I don't know if I
can do this like I couldn't I thought my
legs were gonna give away and I don't
know what was going on I've I've met
um our now King before I mean
I don't know I was performing that day
as well I just don't know what happened
I went into the bathroom and I was like
and I mean I felt sick I didn't know
what was going to go on and then I got
out and I stood in that line
and I just went
and
I just met
Prince slash King Charles and I just
was
not there it was but you know if you
look at that photograph
you wouldn't even know it was and then I
went out and I sang
and I messed up the lyrics and
completely got it wrong but nobody
really noticed but that was when I was
like in my when I was 25 and ever since
then I was just petrified of that
feeling again and I learned
that through therapy that is you get
panics from not wanting to get a panic
attack and that's how you sort of drive
your panic attacks that's what happened
to me I was more in fear of feeling like
that again that would put me into the
realm of going down that spiral a lot of
people don't um I've Got Friends it was
some of the stories you've said remind
me of some friends of mine and a lot of
them don't want to have the conversation
with a therapist because they're scared
of what it brings out what it brings up
a lot of people say that
um interesting you and it was that's why
I'm linking that to the moment where you
wake up and it's quiet and you go I
don't like the quiet
because yeah but I never really did
there was always music playing even when
I was a kid my mom would always have the
Bee Gees and Abba and all there was
always noise in my house and the windows
were open and the dishes were clacking
and clicking and you know that was there
was always life happening in my
childhood
and you turn that chapter around in your
life
that 25 year old yeah Party Chapter
yeah I haven't had as many of that
feeling as I thought I was gonna have
and now I know it I mean I also wasn't
familiar with it remember I didn't have
them growing up
and it just hit me you know the pressure
of being famous and the pressure of
meeting all these real sort of
incredible people and me not feeling
like I was good enough to be there you
know it just built up on me
what's your like relationship like with
trust
it comes in waves because I was thinking
about that experience at 18 years saying
about like kind of trust yourself more
um trust in work is very slim what about
trust broadly you said it comes in waves
trust broadly I'm very very trusting I
think more to a fault you know I also I
like to give people chances rather than
give them no chances
which sometimes has kind of put me in a
predicament but again I just see the
best in people and I always have and I
and I hope
that people do that for other people
that's why I do that you know now with
things like oh you know if you if you do
this with us then you know we can maybe
achieve this for you that you've always
wanted to achieve in your work life that
is something I'm very questioning with
like if if you come with us well I need
to see the proof before I do that like
big promises yeah I think that's again
maybe something to do with my experience
in my work life you know it's just I've
been disappointed so many times and I've
been left with nothing so many times
that I
I just don't ask anyone for anything
anymore
basically but it's got you far I mean
yeah but even that trust seems to have
got you to an incredible incredible
place even if it maybe it's hurt you
along the way yeah well because I've
made incredible relationships that's the
one thing I'm very grateful for even if
I've been disappointed and sometimes
those bridges haven't seen the end
I've created incredible relationships
with people that have seen my struggles
and have seen me work really hard and
in a circumstance
unfortunately not get to where it needs
to be but have seen you know what Rita
really did work hard on that and the
years down the line they would call me
and be like I remember that and do you
want to do this and so you just never
know
why things are happening to you but you
planted seeds essentially yeah I really
did and I and I made really great
friends
um genuine friendships and I don't
really I never really knew what they did
and some I did but it didn't matter it
was just about connecting connecting is
really important
five years ago was the last time you
released an album
what what goes into this music this
because music music I see it as like
different chapters of your life it's the
same with like books and stuff it's a
chapter of of who you are often um yeah
what what are you pouring into your
music these days like what experiences
are you pouring into them so you know
I've been in the business now for over a
decade
so I'm looking at Timeless I'm looking
at pop icon I'm looking at things that
can stand the test of time because I'm a
360 Entertainer and what does that look
and feel and sound like
and so now I'm I'm at that point in my
life of like how are we establishing
this work ethic that I've done all these
years to get to this point
and how are we going to become the new
Rita Ora pop star in her 30s and enjoy
the ride you know and really bring
people along for the journey
and so that's what my album you and I is
it's like a rebirth of this incredible
position that I'm in of owning my
masters being in charge of my
decisions with music and having an
incredible team that can see the future
it's about longevity it's like okay well
this is another step
to this point and then hopefully when
I'm like in my 50s and 60s you'll look
back and be like
she's still here you know that's the
goal that's the aim and the journey of
life that's what I love about Kylie
Minogue and Jennifer Lopez like these
these women stand the test of time in my
opinion and they keep coming back and
delivering and that is something that I
Aspire it's not easy to do though no but
it's also yeah it's not easy but they've
done that by accepting failure they've
accepted some failures at certain points
in their careers and I've kept going and
kept driving and kept thriving and then
they're still here what failure have you
accepted
ah you know like certain things maybe
not positioning chart wise as well or
making decisions that may have not been
right
mistakes being made or how are you as an
individual with dealing with those
moments like honestly like when those
things happen how does if I'm a flyer on
the wall yeah regret is
horrible you know I know a lot of people
can relate to that but it feels
you know I I was I feel broken like it
makes me
feel like everything I've done is about
to disappear again back to that fear of
sort of losing everything
and um you know when the world is also
looking at you
I don't know you just
you just break you just break down you
just get so
fearful and um
you know all I was thinking about was
like my mom and dad because they've
worked so hard to get me to this point
and you know it's not again it's not
just about me you know
on my boat that I'm keeping afloat you
know I've got my whole family and so
you know you can't help but always blame
yourself for everything and
The Only Way Forward is to again
you just have to just keep going but at
the time you know
you know you get dragged
through hell it's a lot of retail
a lot of responsibility it feels like a
weight that you've been carrying for a
long long time
yeah because
um I've always just been myself
I've always just tried to be really
genuine
and I've never changed for like who I am
and that's probably why that that's
probably why I do make these sort of
you know I don't always get it right
like who does do you know what I mean
um
but it makes I've I feel more human
about that you know I'm just a human you
know at the end of the day so
the media and all the free the craziness
that comes with what I do
I've now learned to really sort of
separate that like work life and real
life that doesn't feel like my real life
anymore my real life is
having dinner at home and like hanging
out with my husband and
becoming a stepmom and trying to figure
out how to cook for kids you know that's
kind of like like that the real life is
that for me now you've been taking care
of your family for since since much
younger than anyone should really be you
know taking care of their families from
what I read
um looking after them paying for your
parents yeah house and stuff like that
yeah
when you talk about the fear of losing
it all as well is is and you mentioned
your parents there which was kind of
surprising to me but it brought me back
to what I'd read about your early years
of like feeling like you're almost
carrying your family too to some degree
not just yourself but there's a lot of
people relying on you yeah I don't know
if that's a
immigrant mentality 100 you know it's
because it's almost like
family is a big thing for me we family
is huge for us so it's like when one
goes we're all going like that's just
how I was raised so maybe that is
something to do with that you know kind
of all seeking Refuge together is that
sense of family so yeah I guess it was
for me it was a no-brainer like it was
just what I was I had to do it wasn't
even like I had a choice in my mind it
was like well
that's obviously gonna happen for my
parents I'm obviously going to get that
for them
I didn't think there was any other thing
to do
broken is a strong word
yeah it's a really strong word
do you mean that that word broken
yeah
kind of
yeah I mean there's nothing that anyone
could say when you feel broken
that is going to put you back together
at that point when you're like at your
lowest
the only way you can get out is if you
start climbing I don't I wasn't hearing
anything when I was broken when were you
broken
and a couple times I mean there's some
things that happen behind the scenes or
there's obviously public things that you
that everybody sees
of when you know you get plastered on
the covers of
magazines and tabloids and things like
that and
you just feel super violated you know
but it's
something that comes with what you do it
comes with what I do so it's like a
Bittersweet you know I'm I've never been
a completive person I'm not complaining
about anything that comes with what I do
something that you have to really work
on dealing with because it's going to
happen inevitably nobody will ever see
the consequences of it though like if
you just say the word broken to me I'd
think really like the stuff that's taken
you to that place
yeah for sure of 100
multiple times
but you remain strong
at least from external perceptions maybe
that's maybe that's an incorrect thing
because it's you talked about masking no
I do I am strong I am I think the fact
that I'm still here means I'm strong
I mean I run a business you know I've
got people that
I employ now you know and I feel like
you can always come back never X anyone
out because in my
experience it's like you can really
help people that you don't even know
you're helping
so
yeah I mean I'm strong because I'm very
inspired again and I'm loving the idea
of
rebirthing and positioning and owning a
business and
you know running a label and being on TV
and doing film and doing music
there's never a break so it's like we're
always on the go me and my team our bags
are packed constantly and so you know
you have to be strong not from if it's
not for me it's for them rebirthing is
producing the new Rita Aura yes that's
exactly how I feel it's like a new lease
of life we're on another chapter now
this is the new chapter of read to
musically
she's married it's like I'm now a
stepmom you know there's like so much
that's going on in my life now that I
wasn't before you know it's cool how did
that change you marriage
it didn't really feel any different
honestly
um Tyga and I were friends for so long
before we got together
and he likes to say before we ruined it
all
[Music]
um but it didn't feel any different
because it was such a sort of natural
progression to our already
was standing friendship
that it was kind of like best friends
getting married like that's what it felt
like and we are the same person we think
the same and our lives just really do
blend even though they're both crazy
so I think what it's done for me it's
it's actually made me more excited about
achieving
things and having new goals that I want
to achieve and I think that we really
push each other in that direction
because home is stable now because home
feels super stable
which is a great platform to achieve and
I I felt like it was a real big
achievement for me yeah why because I
just didn't think that was ever going to
happen to me
because I was never in one place I was
never I never gave myself the time to
all the energy to put into trying to
find a soul mate or do that because I
was always like you're either coming on
my roller coaster or you're getting off
because we're not stopping and it was
really difficult to find somebody that
could really manage
the pace that my life is in
um and then you know I met somebody that
also lived a life you know
and has this ability to you know be a
father and have this creative aspect and
that was really impressive to me and I
was and I was like wow you know somebody
can do it all here's the thing though so
if you had met him when you were 24 no
how there you go so it's not really
about the person I think it's not about
you it was you I was ready exactly and
this is what my album's also about it's
not about hoping somebody's gonna come
and fix everything for you because it's
not what I stand for that's not what
like I preach
but it is about you know you being in
the right frame of mind
and I definitely was when I first met
him in a you know in a different light
in Australia yeah you're in the right
frame of mind when you man yeah for sure
yeah I'm so intrigued by how our early
experiences shape our attachment Styles
romantically yeah for me I was I had no
chance of me and anybody I'm shocked
that I have I'm in a relationship now
because up until 25 hours like
self-sabotaging any interest yeah what
did you come to learn about your
attachment Styles romantically like what
did you come to learn about Rita in a
romantic relationship
that it's not just about you
yeah and I think I can say that now it's
thinking back you know because my job
revolves around me and like what I do I
thought it was the same in relationships
but it's not you know you have to sort
of
you have to be willing to be a bit
selfless sometimes in relationships to
be there for the other person
and I don't think I was I was very much
like you're doing what I'm doing oh
that's it
and that's probably why they all didn't
work out until now
but that was again the knowledge like I
never really
um and I don't know why I thought that
because my parents have the most
incredible marriage and relationship
like they support each other so well
but
my life was moving so crazy that I just
don't think that that
the other party was
parties Etc were like ready I guess and
I just wasn't that wasn't my priority
also by the way yeah I hear that that
priority point in fact because for
someone who's so scared of losing it
yeah it would make sense that they would
de-prioritize everything else that was a
threat to it that's exactly where my
head was at a hundred percent it was
like it wasn't a big deal it wasn't a
priority the way you described like if
you don't keep up with this train you're
off it right but that's exactly
no you know it's not a good way of
thinking but because I had that fear
behind me and driving me that was there
was nothing that was going to get in the
way of that until I got a bit older and
I realized that there's other points in
life that are important Rita you know
like finding your sense of family and
joy amongst the craziness and that's
like my own obviously I had my parents
and my sister but you know I wanted to
sort of
create my own thing ladies and gentlemen
as you know Zoe is now sponsoring this
podcast and I'm a proud investor in the
company and I've been going on the Zoe
Journey myself it all starts with this
home testing kit you get sent in the
post which measures your gut health your
blood sugar and your blood fat I've had
this little device this blood sugar
glucose sensor on my arm which came in
the home testing kit to understand how
all of the different foods that I eat
day to day have an impact on my body and
it's been pretty unbelievable a big
thing for me is feeling tired after I've
eaten something and not understanding
why historically I didn't understand now
I do understand I'd been eating I think
it was like a rice stir-fry with a bit
of chicken and some chili sauce in there
and I saw in my blood glucose chart on
my phone which is connected to the
device that Zoe sent me this huge Spike
and then later in the day I saw a huge
dip when I started feeling that sort of
post lunch slump and what will happen
next is Tim tells me they'll take all of
that data and give me my own personal
analyze Zoe scores for any food so I can
figure out what I should be eating and
what I should avoid if I want to avoid
those afternoon slums and if you want to
get started on your Zoe Journey with me
use the code we've got an exclusive code
here CEO 10 for 10 off and let me know
how you get on when it arrives back to
the episode
Rita believes that now she is married
the Press now report on her in a
different way maybe they're having a
crisis meeting at the moment
why did you say that
because now it's less about like oh read
a scene with that it's like I feel like
now they don't know what to say
it's hilarious because I do believe that
I think now everybody's understood and
seen this sort of transition I think
that
I don't know what they what goes on in
those tabloid offices but uh I do feel
like there's been a shift in the
narrative now because they've also
exhausted and gone every single route on
me that I feel like now they're like
all right let's just give it to her
she's calmed down a bit did that did
that ever bother you honestly
yeah um
on a human level I think this is
important because people don't
understand that the things written have
a real human consequence further down
the line on the individual because we
because obviously if you then react to
it publicly that's a new story I mean
anything you do it's like a story
um
you know I just I've learned over the
years that um less is more
and if you would like to connect or kind
of explain your side of things you know
you do it through ART and so with me
what I've learned is I do it now with my
music and so I tell my story
through my songwriting and through
videos or
things like that
and your husband he's an oscar-winning
director so you've worked on some of the
the music videos with him yeah what's
that like working with your husband
amazing you know
not me I'm also a fan of his you know so
it wasn't just like I'm working with him
let's just go for it you know I
understand you know I've being lucky to
work with him I mean I know he's my
husband but I don't take it for granted
you know like
he's written some of my favorite films
and JoJo rabbit and things like that you
know those are real iconic
stylistically important films of our
time
for me to work with him was fun because
I knew he was going to throw things at
me you know like do this and do that and
like that's how he works it's just like
but there's a beauty to his Madness and
um I was really honored to be amongst
that thing at that night we did it
actually all in a day and praising you
it felt like a mini movie it was awesome
those I think there's three records that
I listen to upstairs oh yeah pretty sure
those are the three that are coming on
the album you and I they're the three
singles you've really yeah yeah what did
you listen to all of them oh great so
all very different although inspired
significantly different feelings for me
praising you felt very like I wanted to
party it felt like right be like I'd
listen to that in the gym one of them
made me feel a lot more um
romantically nostalgic yeah where you're
talking about how someone only loves you
in a certain situation
oh you only love me that's probably that
one obviously what I've tried to do with
this album is kind of take you on a
thought Journey so it's like Don't Think
Twice is about kind of knowing you like
someone and jumping in which is the
opening track of my album and not
thinking and just sort of going with it
and seeing where it ends up because you
don't know you always you know you think
I can't do this I'm scared but you just
don't know what's on the other side and
so then you only love me as like that
era where you start meeting someone and
then you're kind of like can I tell them
I don't want to see other people or is
it too soon am I going to be crazy if I
tell them let's be exclusive or like
when is it the right time do you only
call me when like you've had a couple
drinks and you've got that confidence
boost you actually like me it's like all
those questions you ask yourself in the
beginning
but really what you want to say is let's
be exclusive and I love you but you
don't want to look crazy so that's that
song and then it goes through a journey
of
loving someone and appreciating your
friends and self-love
it's not just about one person it's
about you and I so it could be you and
me me and the fans you and yourself so
there's a song on there called girl in
the mirror which is about really
accepting
all of your faults and all of my faults
all the things I don't like about myself
and parts of my body you know every
everyone goes through those phases and
yeah there's all of those kind of
personal insights to this record that I
think is different to all the other two
albums I've put out
and what are you hoping what's your
hopes as you go into this you're kind of
a much more seasoned than you were when
you put out the other albums in terms of
your experience of this process the
pressure alone the thing comes out lots
of yeah what's the what's the goal what
are you hoping do you know what I really
just hope people
feel like they know me that's all they
want I want people to feel really close
to me and connected to me and just feel
like they know what they're getting if
they're coming to read a show they know
they know what they're going to get
great dance songs pop bangers we're
gonna have a party we're also going to
get a bit emotional but I really want
people to feel like they can rely and
depend on me especially in a sense of
music of kind of really getting away
from their problems and their thoughts
that's all I just really want to
communicate and connect again and like I
said reintroduce myself and feel like um
the girl that they've always known that
lives next door to him
are you driven or are you dragged
I think I'm driven yeah yeah I'd like to
say I'm driven
a lot of that actually confidence has
come from me working out like waking up
and going to the gym
I would never do that before especially
knowing I have a long day you know now I
wake up an hour before that just to work
out I think that's drive because it's
also like you're you're already
exhausted you know you go to sleep and
you wake up and you know you have to do
it and after you do it you know you feel
good there's never anyone that I've met
that has worked out that has left being
like Oh I feel terrible
that's an unnegotiable non-negotiable
it's like that's I think that's why I
feel like I'm driven what else is
non-negotiable in your routine
you've talked about meditation a little
bit but is there anything else that's
your like ritualistic non-negotiables
finding a good book interesting like a
reader I've learned to I've joined a
little secret book club under a false
name
and I love it and they teach me about
books right now I'm meeting uh I'm
reading
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow have you read
that book no it's fantastic so it's just
so good it's about these like two
friends it's like a in it's it's a
description of a friendship
that you think goes into a love love
life Fest but it doesn't it's all about
this specific friendship and it's so
interesting
and Clara in the sun which is another
great book
about this kid who
has an AI robot and it sort of like
becomes really human-like it's really
interesting
so yeah that brings me a lot of kind of
joy
and yeah it's just kind of discovering
like I love discovering things I'm
always looking for new music new artists
films I haven't seen like I'm really
into sort of Discovery and that really
inspires me to kind of
inspires my creativity and I'm already
thinking the next album and this one's
out July 14th and I'm already thinking
about the next one your creativity comes
from a lot of places right I can feel
that in you people for sure a lot to do
with people
and like
I'm always interested in people's
stories I mean like you you know you're
so good at asking people the right
things
and I kind of really like that I do that
in genuine conversations I have at
dinners and things like that
um because you just never really know
where you're going to get out of it you
know
and so yeah I continue to do that so if
you want to come to dinner with me get
ready because it's really busy that day
but I'm joking of course I would have
July 14th yeah it comes out I'm very
very excited I'm so excited I'm so happy
we're able to do this and I'm really
really genuinely looking forward to what
people are gonna get from this album
they're going to get a lot from this
album because I can tell that this is it
feels like a
um the music is incredibly fresh I'd
have to say that it's diverse it's
incredibly diverse there's there's
sounds I mean I'm not a music expert but
just when I play music
um I love music so I spend I always be
my friends in terms of Music consumption
every year on that Spotify thing oh yeah
thing so but there's so many fresh
sounds that I I heard through your music
and to hear thanks that five years is
actually I think the distance between
albums is also quite useful sometimes
because it gives you a chance to have a
bit of lived experience and that comes
through in your records now I'm a
married woman yeah um and you're in a
new chapter yeah but all my albums I've
kind of taken that bit of time I've
never really back to back put out albums
um but musically I'd like to say this is
my most artistic album for sure we have
a closing traditional on this podcast
where the last guest leaves a question
for the next guest and they they don't
know who they're leaving it for
um the question that's been left for you
oh this is quite I think this is quite a
good one for you okay people only
themselves when we get to this point but
I don't know why I thought my questions
were difficult but a question for you is
what would you most like to be
remembered for when you die
my
work ethic and being a nice person
those two being like wow if you really
did that and being
really sort of received and everyone's
saying she was just such a nice Jolly
person
brought me to something that I was going
to ask just at that point which is it
appears to me that when I sit here with
um
the fact that you said work ethic when I
sit here with male artists they rarely
they very rarely say that oh yeah yeah
that's a whole nother conversation yeah
it's a whole nother conversation but
it's about the double standards around
like maybe it is that you know being a
woman too 100 no it's not maybe it
definitely is that I think as well
especially with everything is from my
experience only in the music industry
back I imagine it does definitely filter
into any sort of aspect you know being
heard being spoken being being heard on
the table you know
and also not being forgotten that's
another thing it's like you don't you
may have done something at some point
and then it could almost be the credits
could go somewhere else and so you have
to almost be consistent I think as a
woman more than ever to get the credit
almost I guess yes and opinionated and
it's so much more shocking I would say
if if a woman is more opinionated I
don't know why but you know I don't
think in my world that I ain't going
anywhere
but I feel really kind of like there's a
responsibility for sure especially for
the young girls coming up I want them to
watch this and feel really kind of like
inspired by it I certainly think they
will be and from doing the research it
was really really Illuminating because I
saw especially that's why I asked the
question about that from the choir to
getting signed I saw someone that was
really tenacious and felt like they were
being they had to fire up their ass or
something because when I read about the
the two the the time you spent interning
and working in the shoe shop and
persuading yourself into certain meeting
rooms and certain things like that
that's the narrative that I don't think
a lot of people would would put out
there because it's the reality that goes
on behind the scenes it's the boring
stuff but at the very essence of you
it's really why you're sat here now it's
that like that hustle that came from
that Refugee immigrant background that
caused you to just
to persevere in situations where most
people probably wouldn't have persevered
and to keep knocking on doors and to
keep saying yes and showing up despite
the cost surviving yeah exactly yeah and
the sacrifices you said it yourself so
thank you it's an incredible thing oh
you know thank you and it means a lot
um you met so many people so I really
appreciate that I do really understand
the platform that this gives as well for
people like myself that can just really
tell their story
um so thank you so much for letting me
share my story thank you for being here
it's an honor to have you and you are
um you're exactly where we started this
show to tell those stories of really
inspiring young people that are doing
incredible incredible things so well you
just let me know and I'll come back for
sure for sure let's have a chat after
the album comes out because I'm super
excited for you so and I'm sure it's
going to be received incredibly well
because the first three singles that
I've heard so far are insane so thank
you fingers crossed thank you so much
see you soon Rita take care
this is
the best product that he'll have
released in recent times many of you
will think of alternatives to this but I
I've tried those Alternatives and none
of them are as tasty as huel's Daily
Greens it was out of stock because of
the demand it's now back in stock for
everybody in the USA right now it's not
available in the UK but when you get a
chance just try it that's all I'm gonna
say
just try it and I think once you try it
you'll understand why this is such an
essential part of my life right now and
will probably become an essential part
of yours I'm someone that understands
probably from doing this podcast the
importance of having Greens in my diet
but do I achieve that every week in the
chaos of my life do I achieve that
sometimes the answer is no with heels
Daily Greens the probability of me
achieving that is now almost 100 because
of its convenience and because of the
ease of repairing this one scoop
10 second Shake
and you're ready to go
[Music]